Completing S45 (overlapping interval topology) (#1400)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000045/properties/P000130.md

---
space: S000045
property: P000130
value: true
---

For $t\in[0,1]$ consider its neighbourhood $U_\varepsilon=[-\varepsilon,t+\varepsilon]\cap X$ for $\varepsilon>0$.

> $U_\varepsilon$ is covered by union of arbitrary neighbourhoods of its smallest and greatest element, hence
> it is comapact (every open cover has an at most two-element subcover). Sets $U_\varepsilon$ ($\varepsilon>0$) form a neighbourhood basis for $t$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$U_\varepsilon$ is covered by union of arbitrary neighbourhoods of its least and greatest element, hence
it is compact (every open cover has an at most two-element subcover). Sets $U_\varepsilon$ ($\varepsilon>0$) form a neighbourhood basis for $t$.
```
